What's new for .NET 11 Preview 5 (#2241)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/winforms/whats-new/net110.md

ms.topic: whats-new
ms.date: 06/09/2026
ms.service: dotnet-desktop
ms.update-cycle: 365-days
ai-usage: ai-assisted
#customer intent: As a developer, I want to know what's changed so that I can remain up-to-date.
---

# What's new in Windows Forms for .NET 11 Preview 5

This article provides a high-level overview of what's new with Windows Forms (WinForms) in .NET 11 Preview 5. For detailed information, see [Release announcements](#release-announcements). Use the release announcements to get an overview of the entire .NET 11 release. The rest of this article highlights the most important changes to Windows Forms.

.NET 11 Preview 5 was released in June 2026.

## Release announcements

Each release announcement provides detailed information about Windows Forms changes for .NET 11:

- [.NET 11 Preview 5](https://aka.ms/dotnet/11/preview5)
- [.NET 11 Preview 4](https://aka.ms/dotnet/11/preview4)
- [.NET 11 Preview 3](https://aka.ms/dotnet/11/preview3)
- [.NET 11 Preview 2](https://aka.ms/dotnet/11/preview2)
- [.NET 11 Preview 1](https://aka.ms/dotnet/11/preview1)

## Clipboard

> - <xref:System.Windows.Forms.Clipboard.GetText*?displayProperty=nameWithType> with <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TextDataFormat.Rtf?displayProperty=nameWithType> now correctly reads RTF clipboard data that doesn't include a null terminator. This fix resolves an issue where valid RTF content copied from applications such as PowerPoint would return an empty string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <xref:System.Windows.Forms.Clipboard.GetText*?displayProperty=nameWithType> with <xref:System.Windows.Forms.TextDataFormat.Rtf?displayProperty=nameWithType> now correctly reads RTF clipboard data that doesn't include a null terminator. This fix resolves an issue where valid RTF content copied from applications such as PowerPoint returned an empty string.
```
